README.md, before:

# Windows 11 Optimisation Utility

A modern and safe tool to optimise, customise, and declutter Windows 11.

This utility provides essential tweaks, privacy enhancements, and optional app management while keeping your system stable and responsive.

---

## Features

### Essential System Tweaks
- Disable Advertising ID for privacy
- Show file extensions by default
- Disable Windows Tips notifications
- Disable Bing search integration in Start menu
- Disable Windows Copilot button and functionality

### App Management
- Remove Microsoft Edge (advanced users; requires admin)
- Placeholder for Winget integration to install essential apps on fresh installs

### UI & User Experience
- Modern, resizable Windows 11-style interface
- Auto-detect dark/light mode
- Clean layout with sidebar, toggles, and progress bar
- Recommended tweaks selection for quick setup

### Progress & Feedback
- Progress bar shows real-time tweak application
- Status label indicates current operation and completion

---

## Requirements

- Windows 11  
- .NET 8.0 or later  
- Administrator privileges (required for some tweaks like Edge removal or system-wide changes)

---

## Usage

1. Launch the application (admin mode recommended).  
2. Select the tweaks you want to apply using the checkboxes.  
3. Click **"Apply Selected Tweaks"** to implement the selected changes.  
4. Optionally, click **"Recommended Tweaks"** to select a safe, pre-configured set.  
5. Monitor progress via the **progress bar** and **status label**.

> Some tweaks (e.g., removing Edge) are advanced and may have unintended consequences. Use cautiously.

---

## Installation

1. Clone or download the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/KillerKannibal/Windows-11-Tool.git

Commit message:

Add FAQ section to README
Added FAQ section with questions about code modification and installation safety.

README.md, after:

# Windows 11 Optimisation Utility

A modern and safe tool to optimise, customise, and declutter Windows 11.

This utility provides essential tweaks, privacy enhancements, and optional app management while keeping your system stable and responsive.

---

## Features

### Essential System Tweaks
- Disable Advertising ID for privacy
- Show file extensions by default
- Disable Windows Tips notifications
- Disable Bing search integration in Start menu
- Disable Windows Copilot button and functionality

### App Management
- Remove Microsoft Edge (advanced users; requires admin)
- Placeholder for Winget integration to install essential apps on fresh installs

### UI & User Experience
- Modern, resizable Windows 11-style interface
- Auto-detect dark/light mode
- Clean layout with sidebar, toggles, and progress bar
- Recommended tweaks selection for quick setup

### Progress & Feedback
- Progress bar shows real-time tweak application
- Status label indicates current operation and completion

---

## Requirements

- Windows 11  
- .NET 8.0 or later  
- Administrator privileges (required for some tweaks like Edge removal or system-wide changes)

---

## Usage

1. Launch the application (admin mode recommended).  
2. Select the tweaks you want to apply using the checkboxes.  
3. Click **"Apply Selected Tweaks"** to implement the selected changes.  
4. Optionally, click **"Recommended Tweaks"** to select a safe, pre-configured set.  
5. Monitor progress via the **progress bar** and **status label**.

> Some tweaks (e.g., removing Edge) are advanced and may have unintended consequences. Use cautiously.

## FAQ

Can I modify this code?

Yes you can. This tool is fully open source—feel free to modify, extend, or fork it to suit your own workflow. Every tweak is transparent and auditable.

Is this doing anything bad to my Installation?

Nope, read through the source code yourself.
---

## Installation

1. Clone or download the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/KillerKannibal/Windows-11-Tool.git
